feat: Configure repository for new microfrontend (#1)
raccoongang/frontend-app-catalog: README.rst

frontend-app-catalog
#############################

|license-badge| |status-badge| |codecov-badge|

Purpose
*******

> This is the Catalog micro-frontend application, currently under development by `2U <https://2u.com>`_.
> 
> Its purpose is to provide both a framework and UI for new or replacement
> React-based authoring features outside ``edx-platform``.
> You can find the current set described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the Catalog micro-frontend application, currently under development by `2U <https://2u.com>`_.

**What is the domain of this MFE?**

- Home / Index page
- Course About page
- Course Catalog page

These are public-facing pages intended for unauthenticated users.
The goal is to replace legacy views in edx-platform with modern, React- and Paragon-based implementations.
```

Author: Corrected
